---
title: "A new idea to predict reshocked Richtmyer-Meshkov mixing: constrained large-eddy simulation"
collection: publications
permalink: /publication/2021-04-07-JFM
excerpt: 'We use CLES to predict mixing width of reshocked RM.'
date: 2021-04-07
venue: 'JFM Rapids'
paperurl: 'https://doi.org/10.1017/jfm.2021.332'
citation: 'Bin, Y., Xiao, M., Shi, Y., Zhang, Y., & Chen, S. (2021). &quot;A new idea to predict reshocked Richtmyer–Meshkov mixing: Constrained large-eddy simulation.&quot; <i>Journal of Fluid Mechanics, 918,</i>, R1. doi:10.1017/jfm.2021.332'
---

The reshocked turbulent Richtmyer-Meshkov (RM) mixing of two media
is the most representative problem of more general and complex
turbulent mixing induced by interfacial instabilities, broadly occurring in
both nature and engineering applications. An accurate prediction of its
evolving of spatial structure and mixing width (MW) is of fundamental
importance. However, satisfactory prediction with the large eddy
simulation (LES) has not yet been achieved, even for the most important
MW. In this paper, we innovatively solve this problem by combining the
idea of the constrained large-eddy simulation (CLES), which succeeded
previously only in classical single-medium turbulence, and our recently
developed Reynolds-averaged Navier-Stokes (RANS) model, which
realized a satisfactory prediction of MW. Specifically, in our currently
developed CLES model, with the aid of Reynolds decomposition, the
unclosed sub-grid scale (SGS) LES model is decomposed into two parts,
i.e. the averaged and the fluctuating. The averaged part is dominated
and modeled by the counterpart of our recently developed RANS model
to accurately predict the MW, while the fluctuating part is modeled with
the classical Smagorinsky model. Consequently, besides successfully
capturing the three-dimensional large-scale structure of turbulence and
the evolution of the (normalized) mixed mass, our newly proposed CLES
also predicts a satisfactory MW with a very coarse grid. To the best of
our knowledge, this is the first time that the LES can yield such a
comparable result with experiment.

Recommended citation: 'Bin, Y., Xiao, M., Shi, Y., Zhang, Y., & Chen, S. (2021). &quot;A new idea to predict reshocked Richtmyer–Meshkov mixing: Constrained large-eddy simulation.&quot; <i>Journal of Fluid Mechanics, 918,</i>, R1. doi:10.1017/jfm.2021.332'
